README.md, before:

# Location of Interest Checker

Script to compare COVID locations of interest to Google location history.

![distance to locations](./doc/distances_to_locations.png)
**Figure:** Output of checker script, visualised in Excel. Column `distance_to_location_km` shows how far in km you were from the given location of interest.


## Usage

### Export Google location history

1) Go to https://takeout.google.com/
2) Under 'CREATE A NEW EXPORT`, deselect all, then select 'Location History', then 'Next Step'
3) Follow instructions to download, then unzip exported data. This tool uses the file 'Location History.json'

### Install

To install this package into a virtualenv:

```bash
python -m venv venv
sourve venv/bin/activate
pip install git+https://github.com/tim-fan/location_of_interest_checker.git
```


### Run 

Run the checker script. See the `-h` flag for usage. 
```bash
$ location_of_interest_checker -h
Locations of Interest Checker.

Check current New Zealand COVID locations of interest against exported Google location history.

Input arguments are the path to the exported location history json, and the file underwhich
to save the results of the check.

The output csv contains a list of all locations of interest, along with a column specifying how
far (in km) you were from that location at that time. If any distances are less
than, say 0.1km, you should probably get a test and self isolate!

See https://www.health.govt.nz/our-work/diseases-and-conditions/covid-19-novel-coronavirus/covid-19-health-advice-public/contact-tracing-covid-19/covid-19-contact-tracing-locations-interest
for official list of locations of interest, and instructions on what to do if you have been at one.

Usage:
  location_of_interest_checker <location_history_file> <output_csv>

Options:
  -h --help     Show this screen.
```

For example, if your exported history file is saved as `Location History.json`;
```bash
location_of_interest_checker Location\ History.json /tmp/results.csv
```
On completion, the file `/tmp/results.csv` can be opened in Excel or similar tools for inspection.

See the column `distance_to_location_km` to see how close you were to the locations of interest.

Commit message:

Add link to health.govt.nz to readme

README.md, after:

# Location of Interest Checker

Script to compare COVID locations of interest to Google location history.

![distance to locations](./doc/distances_to_locations.png)
**Figure:** Output of checker script, visualised in Excel. Column `distance_to_location_km` shows how far in km you were from the given location of interest.

*NOTE* see [health.govt.nz](https://www.health.govt.nz/our-work/diseases-and-conditions/covid-19-novel-coronavirus/covid-19-health-advice-public/contact-tracing-covid-19/covid-19-contact-tracing-locations-interest) for the official list of locations of interest, and guidance on what to do if you have been at one.

## Usage

### Export Google location history

1) Go to https://takeout.google.com/
2) Under 'CREATE A NEW EXPORT`, deselect all, then select 'Location History', then 'Next Step'
3) Follow instructions to download, then unzip exported data. This tool uses the file 'Location History.json'

### Install

To install this package into a virtualenv:

```bash
python -m venv venv
sourve venv/bin/activate
pip install git+https://github.com/tim-fan/location_of_interest_checker.git
```


### Run 

Run the checker script. See the `-h` flag for usage. 
```text
$ location_of_interest_checker -h
Locations of Interest Checker.

Check current New Zealand COVID locations of interest against exported Google location history.

Input arguments are the path to the exported location history json, and the file underwhich
to save the results of the check.

The output csv contains a list of all locations of interest, along with a column specifying how
far (in km) you were from that location at that time. If any distances are less
than, say 0.1km, you should probably get a test and self isolate!

See https://www.health.govt.nz/our-work/diseases-and-conditions/covid-19-novel-coronavirus/covid-19-health-advice-public/contact-tracing-covid-19/covid-19-contact-tracing-locations-interest
for official list of locations of interest, and instructions on what to do if you have been at one.

Usage:
  location_of_interest_checker <location_history_file> <output_csv>

Options:
  -h --help     Show this screen.
```

For example, if your exported history file is saved as `Location History.json`;
```bash
location_of_interest_checker Location\ History.json /tmp/results.csv
```
On completion, the file `/tmp/results.csv` can be opened in Excel or similar tools for inspection.

See the column `distance_to_location_km` to see how close you were to the locations of interest.
